Impossible I will win
Hey
A large number of mysterious masters suddenly bled in the master city
We're surrounded. Why?
Hold me
Stand up to the country of silence and win, win
Hello
you
What kind of people do these work?
Dragon Guard
Longwei
Army, we have meat!
Could it be that the Dragon Lord had already expected this money?
Don't you understand by now?
In fact, the Dragon Lord has always been by our side
stupid
Jumping beam Xiaochu
Your plan has long been seen through by the dragon lord
I'm going to pull eight sheep of your generation.
In a rural country, only one person can be unlucky
Am I
You are a dragon
Exactly.
I am the dragon master, you and you
White dragon for white phoenix
Fei Long is Mo Yun
See dragon and tiger